packages/@cdk-cloudformation/alexa-ask-skill/README.md, before:

# alexa-ask-skill

> AWS CDK [L1 construct] and data structures for the [AWS CloudFormation Registry] type `Alexa::ASK::Skill`.

[L1 construct]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/constructs.html
[AWS CloudFormation Registry]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html


## Usage

In order to use this library, you will need to activate this AWS CloudFormation Registry type in your account. You can do this via the AWS Management Console or using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) using the following command:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name Alexa::ASK::Skill \
  --publisher-id undefined \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

Alternatively:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --public-type-arn arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1::type/resource/Alexa-ASK-Skill \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

You can find more information about activating this type in the [AWS CloudFormation documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry-public.html).

## Feedback

This library is auto-generated and published to all supported programming languages by the [cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation] project based on the API schema published for `Alexa::ASK::Skill`.

* Issues related to this generated library should be [reported here](https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation/issues/new?title=Issue+with+%40cdk-cloudformation%2Falexa-ask-skill).
* Issues related to `Alexa::ASK::Skill` should be reported to the [publisher](undefined).

[cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation]: https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation

## License

Distributed under the Apache-2.0 License.

Commit message:

feat(deprecation): add ability to deprecate packages
This introduces the ability to deprecate packages. This gets a little
tricky because we are publishing to multiple package managers which each
handle deprecation differently. For example, with NPM you can run an npm
command, but it's not currently possible
to "deprecate" a package on PyPI, and on Nuget it must be done manually.

Because of this, and because npm seems to currently be the source of
truth for CDK Constructs (e.g. Construct Hub) I am only "deprecating"
packages on npm.

When a user adds a package to the list of `deprecateTypes`, it will

1. Add a disclaimer to the package README that the package is deprecated
2. Remove the build/release workflows for the package
3. Add an npm deprecate workflow for the package

It is also possible to un-deprecate a package on npm by running `npm
deprecate` with an empty message. This update also handles that scenario
if an empty string is provided in `deprecateTypes`

fixes #13

packages/@cdk-cloudformation/alexa-ask-skill/README.md, after:

# alexa-ask-skill

> AWS CDK [L1 construct] and data structures for the [AWS CloudFormation Registry] type `Alexa::ASK::Skill`.

[L1 construct]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/constructs.html
[AWS CloudFormation Registry]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html

---

![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/deprecated-critical.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> This package is deprecated. Please use @aws-cdk/alexa-ask instead

---

## Usage

In order to use this library, you will need to activate this AWS CloudFormation Registry type in your account. You can do this via the AWS Management Console or using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) using the following command:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name Alexa::ASK::Skill \
  --publisher-id undefined \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

Alternatively:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --public-type-arn arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1::type/resource/Alexa-ASK-Skill \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

You can find more information about activating this type in the [AWS CloudFormation documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry-public.html).

## Feedback

This library is auto-generated and published to all supported programming languages by the [cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation] project based on the API schema published for `Alexa::ASK::Skill`.

* Issues related to this generated library should be [reported here](https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation/issues/new?title=Issue+with+%40cdk-cloudformation%2Falexa-ask-skill).
* Issues related to `Alexa::ASK::Skill` should be reported to the [publisher](undefined).

[cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation]: https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation

## License

Distributed under the Apache-2.0 License.
