packages/@cdk-cloudformation/mongodb-atlas-project/README.md, before:

# mongodb-atlas-project

> AWS CDK [L1 construct] and data structures for the [AWS CloudFormation Registry] type `MongoDB::Atlas::Project` v1.6.0.

[L1 construct]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/constructs.html
[AWS CloudFormation Registry]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html

## Description

Retrieves or creates projects in any given Atlas organization.

## Usage

In order to use this library, you will need to activate this AWS CloudFormation Registry type in your account. You can do this via the AWS Management Console or using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) using the following command:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name MongoDB::Atlas::Project \
  --publisher-id bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082 \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

Alternatively:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --public-type-arn arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1::type/resource/bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082/MongoDB-Atlas-Project \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

You can find more information about activating this type in the [AWS CloudFormation documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry-public.html).

## Feedback

This library is auto-generated and published to all supported programming languages by the [cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation] project based on the API schema published for `MongoDB::Atlas::Project`.

* Issues related to this generated library should be [reported here](https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation/issues/new?title=Issue+with+%40cdk-cloudformation%2Fmongodb-atlas-project+v1.6.0).
* Issues related to `MongoDB::Atlas::Project` should be reported to the [publisher](undefined).

[cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation]: https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation

## License

Distributed under the Apache-2.0 License.

Commit message:

fix: prefix deprecations are not marked as deprecated (#171)
Fixes packages deprecated by prefix are not marked as deprecated. They only stopped receiving updates from the registry.

Additionally changes the `update-registry` workflow to auto-merge since Mergify won't merge them if its own config has changed.

packages/@cdk-cloudformation/mongodb-atlas-project/README.md, after:

# mongodb-atlas-project

> AWS CDK [L1 construct] and data structures for the [AWS CloudFormation Registry] type `MongoDB::Atlas::Project` v1.6.0.

[L1 construct]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/constructs.html
[AWS CloudFormation Registry]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry.html

---

![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/deprecated-critical.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> This package is deprecated. Please use the respective `@mongodbatlas-awscdk/*` scoped package instead

---
## Description

Retrieves or creates projects in any given Atlas organization.

## Usage

In order to use this library, you will need to activate this AWS CloudFormation Registry type in your account. You can do this via the AWS Management Console or using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) using the following command:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --type-name MongoDB::Atlas::Project \
  --publisher-id bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082 \
  --type RESOURCE \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

Alternatively:

```sh
aws cloudformation activate-type \
  --public-type-arn arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1::type/resource/bb989456c78c398a858fef18f2ca1bfc1fbba082/MongoDB-Atlas-Project \
  --execution-role-arn ROLE-ARN
```

You can find more information about activating this type in the [AWS CloudFormation documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/registry-public.html).

## Feedback

This library is auto-generated and published to all supported programming languages by the [cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation] project based on the API schema published for `MongoDB::Atlas::Project`.

* Issues related to this generated library should be [reported here](https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation/issues/new?title=Issue+with+%40cdk-cloudformation%2Fmongodb-atlas-project+v1.6.0).
* Issues related to `MongoDB::Atlas::Project` should be reported to the [publisher](undefined).

[cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation]: https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-cloudformation

## License

Distributed under the Apache-2.0 License.
